dagster/README.md, before:

# Dagster
This is the docker images used in production for Dagster. 

## How to Run Locally
Make sure you have [docker](http://www.docker.io) installed. 

You'll need to copy the `.env.sample` file to `.env` and make sure you set the correct values

Then run the following commands:

1. docker compose build - This will build the images based on the instructions in the docker files
2. docker compose up - This will run the docker files generated in step 1 and connect them as per the 
instructions in the `docker-compose.yaml` file. 

## How it works
The current design is spin up several images as follows:

```mermaid
graph TB;

subgraph one[Core AWS Account]
A[Dagit ECR]
B[Dagster Daemon]
end

subgraph two[LA1 AWS Account]
A-->C[Dagit Live]
B-->D[Daemon Live]
G[Code Server Image]-->H[Code Server Live]
end

subgraph three[LA2 AWS Account]
A-->E[Dagit Live]
B-->F[Daemon Live]
I[Code Server Image]-->J[Code Server Live]
end
```


### Dagit
This is the web interface for Dagster that allows for viewing and interacting with Dagster objects. More 
[info here](https://docs.dagster.io/concepts/dagit/dagit)
### Dagster Daemon
Determines what needs to be run and when using schedulers, sensors, etc. More 
[info here](https://docs.dagster.io/deployment/dagster-daemon)
### User Code Server
This contains the pipeline code for Dagster to run. This includes sensors, ops, assets, jobs, 
schedule definitions, etc. More 
[info here](https://docs.dagster.io/concepts/code-locations/workspace-files#running-your-own-grpc-server)

Commit message:

Dagster docker compose command now working again. Updated dagster libraries to latest, tested, clarified some points in documentation

dagster/README.md, after:

# Dagster
This is the docker images used in production for Dagster. 

## How to Run Locally
Make sure you have [docker](http://www.docker.io) installed. 

You'll need to copy the `.env.sample` file to `.env` and make sure you set the correct values

Then run the following commands:

1. docker compose build - This will build the images based on the instructions in the docker files
2. docker compose up - This will run the docker files generated in step 1 and connect them as per the 
instructions in the `docker-compose.yaml` file. 

## How it works
The current design is spin up several images as follows:

```mermaid
graph TB;

subgraph one[Core AWS Account]
A[Dagit ECR]
B[Dagster Daemon]
end

subgraph two[LA1 AWS Account]
A-->C[Dagit Live]
B-->D[Daemon Live]
G[Code Server Image]-->H[Code Server Live]
end

subgraph three[LA2 AWS Account]
A-->E[Dagit Live]
B-->F[Daemon Live]
I[Code Server Image]-->J[Code Server Live]
end
```


### Dagit
This is the web interface for Dagster that allows for viewing and interacting with Dagster objects. 
This is built and pushed to docker hub for use with the wider platform. More 
[info here](https://docs.dagster.io/concepts/dagit/dagit)
### Dagster Daemon
Determines what needs to be run and when using schedulers, sensors, etc. This is built and pushed to 
docker hub for use with the wider platform. More 
[info here](https://docs.dagster.io/deployment/dagster-daemon)
### User Code Server
This contains the pipeline code for Dagster to run. This includes sensors, ops, assets, jobs, 
schedule definitions, etc. More. The one used in this repo is for demo purposes only and isn't part of 
any wider build or running of the platform.

[info here](https://docs.dagster.io/concepts/code-locations/workspace-files#running-your-own-grpc-server)
